test@channelpro.co
123456

- Login integration
- Shipping adaptable pricing
- PDF export
- Google fonts



Reduce size of elements Note 2  Elie El Khoury Elie E. Schedule…

Make preview button open in a new tab 2  Elie El Khoury Elie E. Schedule…

Fix alignment in accordion Note 2  Elie El Khoury Elie E. Schedule…

Fix icons Note 2  Elie El Khoury Elie E. Schedule…

When I add text, I can't select it to expand/move/rotate 2  Elie El Khoury Elie E. Schedule…

Color picker either defaults to either black or white (in the darkness right hand thingie) so when a user changes colors, nothing happens. Can it be defaulted to medium? Note 1  Elie El Khoury Elie E. Schedule…

When inserting an image, the image should be the bottom most layer; currently it covers the number and the band 2  Elie El Khoury Elie E. Schedule…

The adjustment handles require some icons Note 2  Elie El Khoury Elie E. Schedule…

There's no cart icon  Elie El Khoury Elie E. Schedule…

"Add to cart and design another bib" does not follow the behavior in the prototype Note  Elie El Khoury Elie E. Schedule…

Nothing happens when I click Checkout in the bib designer 1  Elie El Khoury Elie E. Schedule…

Checkout experience does not follow prototype Note  Elie El Khoury Elie E. Schedule…

No account management/create account/login available 1  Elie El Khoury Elie E. Schedule…

Checkout breadcrumbs

-------------

- When adding a new page;
A) GO to CPanel;
under public html - wp-content - themes - startit-child
- Create newFileName.php (copy bib-menu.php)


Go to wordpress
Add new Page -> give it a title - Publish visibility Private
Take the page address, and point the menu button href to it

Create Child-Theme for the new page (step A)

* Add images to the cPanel folder where the .php files live

-------------

08:25 - Intro Right hand complete - Slow

33:07 - Verse left hand complete - Slow
34:20 - Verse left hand complete - Full Speed

36:00 - Verse Right hand pt1. - breakdown
38:28 - Verse Right hand pt1. - complete
39:53 - Verse Right hand full -
